Add HoloLens to list of PowerShell adopters (#12940)
PowerShell/PowerShell: ADOPTERS.md

  Designed to let you complete tasks that should be part of a deployment, but are not possible in an ARM template today — for example, creating a Key Vault certificate or querying an external API for a new CIDR block. 
* [Azure Pipelines Hosted Agents](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/hosted?view=azure-devops) Windows, Ubuntu, and MacOS Agents used by Azure Pipelines customers have PowerShell pre-installed so that customers can make use of it for all their CI/CD needs.
* [GitHub Actions Virtual-Environments for Hosted Runners](https://help.github.com/actions/reference/virtual-environments-for-github-hosted-runners) Windows, Ubuntu, and MacOS virtual environments used by customers of GitHub Actions include Powershell out of the box.

> * [Microsoft HoloLens](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens) makes extensive use of PowerShell throughout the development cycle to automate tasks such as firmware assembly and automated testing.

Reviewer: > en-us

Can we use generic link?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Microsoft HoloLens](https://www.microsoft.com/hololens) makes extensive use of PowerShell 7+ throughout the development cycle to automate tasks such as firmware assembly and automated testing.
```
